add notes on extra permissions for triage (#16503)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/issues/triage.md

- Submitting pull requests that address the issue or implement the requested changes, once issues have been triaged.

By refraining from closing or consolidating staff tickets, we can ensure that the NV Access team maintains control over their internal workflow and prioritisation, while still benefiting from the valuable insights and contributions of the community.

## Extra permissions for triage
GitHub allows NV Access to grant "triage" permissions to active contributors in the repository.
This grants the ability to manage issues, pull requests and discussions, such as closing/opening, labeling, and assigning.
Refer to [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-user-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/managing-repository-roles/repository-roles-for-an-organization) for more information on triage permissions.

To request triage permissions, email info@nvaccess.org.

> A consistent history of activity in the repository is expected, particularly with triaging issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A consistent history of helpful activity in the repository is expected, for example helping debug issues, asking for missing information, providing constructive feedback on pull requests, submitting well-documented patches, constructively participating in discussions, mentoring new contributors, or improving documentation.

```
